 



 
Document Id:	AR 1
Document Name:	Integrated FAR
Publication Date:	1st July 2017
Latest Revision Date:	
Prepared By:	Preeti Kadekar

Version	Date	Change Mode
(C/A/M/D)	Brief description of change	Prepared/ Revised by
0.1	30th June 2017	A	Initial Draft	Preeti Kadekar 
0.2	18th July 2017	A/M/D	Feedback Update	Preeti Kadekar 
0.3	26th July 2017	A/M/D	Feedback Update	Preeti Kadekar 
				

C – Created, A – Added, M – Modified, D – Deleted 
Table of Contents
1.	Introduction	6
1.1.	Purpose of the Document	6
1.2.	Background	6
Business Pain areas and Automation Needs:	6
Current Process followed:	6
1.3.	Proposed Overall High-level Solutions	7
1.4.	Signoff Authority	8
1.5.	Role Matrix	9
2.	Scope	10
2.1.	Functional Requirements	10
2.2.	Non Functional Requirements	11
3.	TO BE Process	13
3.1.	Asset Creation	13
3.2.	Asset Transfer	14
3.3.	Asset Retirement	16
4.	Asset Creation	1
4.1.	TAG Generation	1
4.1.1.	Create TAG	1
4.1.2.	Manage Tag Numbers	1
4.2.	Inventory	3
4.2.1.	Add Inventory	3
4.2.2.	View Inventory	9
4.3.	Asset Validation	11
4.3.1.	Asset Validation	11
4.4.	System Integration Involved	15
5.	Asset Transfer	17
5.1.	Gate Pass	17
5.1.1.	Gate Pass Request	17
5.1.2.	Gate Pass Approval (First Level & Second Level)	20
5.1.3.	Gate Pass Approval (Security Team)	21
5.2.	Transfer TAG	23
5.2.1.	Transfer TAG Generation	23
5.2.2.	Update Transfer Inventory	26
5.2.3.	Confirm Asset Transfer	27
5.3.	System Integration Involved	29
6.	Asset Retirement	30
6.1.	Gate Pass	30
6.1.1.	Gate Pass Request	30
6.1.2.	Retirement Confirmation	30
6.2.	System Integration Involved	32
7.	Reconciliation	33
7.1.	Reconciliation Report	33
7.1.1.	Reconciliation Dashboard	33
8.	Master	36
8.1.	Manage User	36
8.1.1.	Manage User	36
9.	Open Points	39
10.	Email Notifications	40
10.1.	Notification attached	40
11.	Appendix	41
11.1.	Oracle Screens	41
11.2.	Field Validation	41
11.3.	Workflow	41
12.	Approval Signature Page	42








1.	Introduction
1.1.	Purpose of the Document
The purpose of this document is to detail the functional design approach for “Integrated Fixed Asset Register (FAR)” application. This will be a web based application as a part of Assets lifecycle which will capture the Assets creation, transfer and retirement. It is expected the following groups of people will use this document:
•	Business Sponsor and stakeholders will be expected to agree the requirements as stated within this document will meet their need. 
•	Solution Architects and Developers will be expected to agree to be able to deliver the requirements as stated within this document. 
•	Quality Check: Testers will base their test strategy and test cases on this document.
1.2.	Background
FAR – Fixed Assets Register portal is an online platform to manage the Assets life cycle. This portal enables IT Team and FA team to proactively manage asset life cycle and perform reconciliation of various assets across WNS locations.
Business Pain areas and Automation Needs:
•	Currently 3 way reconciliation done for IT assets to validate IT inventory maintained by IT Team, FA register maintained by Finance team as part of Oracle EBS and physical inventory stored in various WNS locations.
•	In addition Procurement team keeps track of bond register and maintain list of assets purchased through duty except option. This is an Excel (xls & xlsx.) based tracking mechanism. There is no process or practice of reconciliation of the bond register with the FA register.
•	All these inventories are not integrated which is resulting into lot of chaos during reconciliation. Hence requirement is to have integrated solution to ensure ease of reconciliation and tracking.
•	Considering urgency of IT asset reconciliation, it has been agreed to first focus on the automation and integration of one Oracle EBS Fixed asset register as single source of asset database for IT assets.
•	Tag number generation and tracking is currently a manual process and Excel (xls & xlsx.) based. This process needs to be automated. 
•	New automation should track end to end Asset lifecycle. New asset creation, asset transfer and asset retirement process will get included in this current scope.  
•	During the time of Infrastructure Audit, lot of communication and manual activity happens and it is time consuming and difficult to track. Hence requirement is to have physical verification process as part of overall IT reconciliation. This will be taken up in 2ndphase as we need to gather detail requirements for the process and subsequent actions post reconciliation of physical verification data.

Current Process followed:
•	IT Team manages asset inventory details in inventory module of web based application named security portal. This web based application provides option to capture information about IT assets like desktop, monitor, networking equipment, telecom assets etc. Laptop details are maintained in PS application and tagged to employee id. Server details are captured in a separate web application. IT Team do track all assets even the asset cost is <10000 INR.
•	Once Procurement team confirms receipt of the goods, IT Team request TAG number from FA team. Post receiving TAG numbers, asset details are entered / uploaded in the web application. 
•	Asset duplication is checked based on asset serial numbers. Asset serial numbers are shared by IT Team to FA team.
•	For asset transfer and retirement, gate pass system is used by users to raise a request. Once request is approved, gate pass system triggers email to FA team to make them perform asset transfer / retirement in Oracle EBS system.  IT Team manually update IT inventory web application as well. FA team and IT Team do not reconcile this updates. Also Gate pass is mostly use in India locations, and very less usage is observed in international locations. 
1.3.	Proposed Overall High-level Solutions
The overall solution should have following features included for different teams.
Features / Action Items for FA team to be performed during Asset Creation - 
•	Automatic Tag number generation based on different input parameters like location, Function, etc. 
•	Validate Asset details which are entered by IT.
•	Asset Cost enter or upload across each asset.
Features / Action Items for FA team to be performed during Asset Transfer - 
•	During asset transfer as well, FA team needs to generate new Tag Number. 
•	Team will confirm or mark that Asset is transferred. 

PS: Only after the entire clean up for the FAR system.
Features / Action Items for FA team to be performed during Asset Retirement - 
•	Post Group CFO’s approval (Offline approval), for Asset retirement FA team will Confirm Asset Retirement.
Note: Group CFOs approval is a manual activity; it will be an email based approval out of the FAR system.
Features / Action Items for IT Team to be performed during Asset Creation -
•	IT Team will enter details of each asset including serial number and asset tag number in the FAR system. Currently these details are entered by IT in inventory module of security portal system.
Features / Action Items for IT Team to be performed during Asset Transfer-
•	During asset transfer as well, IT will receive new Tag Numbers from FA team. IT will update tag number across assets which are going through transfer process.
•	IT will receive a confirmation from FA team that asset transfer is completed. Post this confirmation; system will update the status of the assets as transferred with in FAR system. 


Features / Action Items for IT Team Team to be performed during Asset Retirement-
•	Once Group CFO approves asset retirement, FA will mark confirm asset retirement in FAR system and post this action, IT team will mark assets as retired in the system. 
•	 Once group CFO approves the retirement, FA and IT will get a notification via email. 

Following information will to connect with different stakeholders of different teams.
Team	SPOC Name
IT Team Team for below Assets - 
•	Desktop 
•	Network 
•	Telecom 
•	Server 
•	Laptop	Rahul Sawant &Praveen Kumar Gupta
Finance Team	Piyush Solanki, Atul Purankar and Arun Kumar Dash
Oracle EBS Team	Mukesh Kudtarkar and Ashutosh Bhattacharyya
Facility Team (Gate pass)	Elvis Sequeira

1.4.	Signoff Authority
During various project milestones like FDD, UAT etc. business need to provide sign off to Implementation team. Below users are identified who will act as sign off Authority for FAR.
Roles	Person Name
FAR Tool (IT Business)	Rajesh Karnik, Nayan Desai
FAR Tool (Facility or Gate pass Part)	Elvis Sequeira, Donald Quadros 
FAR Tool (Finance Part)	Arun Kumar Dash, Sunil Pushkaran
1.5.	Role Matrix

Asset Life Cycle Stage/ Menus	Module	FA Team
(Finance Team)	IT Team 	Admin
Asset Creation	Create Tag			
	Manage Tag Numbers			
	Add Inventory			
	View Inventory			
	Asset Validation			
Asset Transfer	Transfer Tag Generation			
	Update Tag Transfer Inventory			
	Confirm Asset Transfer			
Asset Retirement	Confirm Asset Retirement			
Report	Reconciliation Report			
Master	Manage User			

2.	Scope
2.1.	Functional Requirements
This project is aimed to develop an automated system to manage the Assets life cycle. The functional specifications of the following business objectives have been considered in scope:
•	This will be a web based solution which will manage the asset life cycle from creation till retirement. This will enables IT Team and FA team to reactively manage asset life cycle and perform reconciliation of various assets across WNS locations
•	This application is going to be administered and managed by the FA Team (Finance Team) &IT Team.
•	Developing a custom module in new FAR system where FA Team can generate the Tag’s (New and Transfer Asset) function wise as per their defined rule. 
•	Manage Tags feature to develop which will help FA team to track the summary of the Tag’s generated till date. This feature will help FA team to void the Tag’s which are not used till date.  Tag printing activity will be a manual activity as per the existing process. Printing activity will not be a part of the new system.
•	Inventory management feature to introduce in this application where IT Team can track respective inventory against the PO and GRN Number (PO, GRN process remains part of Oracle EBS). There should be a Maker checker concept to validate the inventory.
•	Upload Functionality feature for managing the inventory at one go against the PO and GRN Number.
•	Post Inventory Management, FA Team should have capitalization feature for Asset confirmation and Creation. This will be done through integration of FAR module with Oracle EBS Fixed Assets module.
•	For Transfer and Retirement process Gatepass request is raised. This module need to modify as per the FAR Prospective where end to end tracking can be done based on the Gatepass number, Tag Number and Serial number.
•	IT Team should have the feature to update the New Assets Tag Number against the inventory in case of Transfer. Also the Finance team has to provide confirmation on each transfer via the automated system trigger.
•	Once the Transfer and Retirement is completed FA Team should have the feature to confirm the same in FAR application against the Gatepass request via automated trigger mechanism. Retirement and Transfer process in Oracle EBS remains manual process.
•	Integration of two different systems into one system i.e. Oracle and .NET application to fetch the details for further processing. Existing data cleanup is the pre-requisites as per FAR application.
•	System generated notification email from the system for each process completion, change, updating and any rectification has to be there else there will be lack of communication.
•	Reporting and Dashboard feature for reconciliation of Fixed Asset.
•	Physical verification process is not considered in Phase I.


2.2.	Non Functional Requirements

ID	Question	Information Provided
Product, System or Service
1	What language / development tools is the system / application developed in?	C#, ASP.Net, .Net Framework, SQL Server 2012, Ms Excel, Visual Studio 2015, 
Infrastructure
1	Is there a client application that is required, or is it a web-based product, system or service that is accessed using an Internet Browser?	Web based application that can be hosted on intranet and internet.
2	What Internet Browsers and versions are supported? e.g. IE11, Edge, Chrome etc…	IE 10& above, Chrome, Mozilla
3	Describe any client application prerequisites for which the application relies upon? e.g. Runtime, Visual C++, Net framework, Silverlight, Internet Browser Add-Ins, extensions, MS Office etc… 	Application Server:
Ms Access Database Engine, 2007/2010, Ms Chart, ASPAJAXExtSetup, ASPAJAXSourceCode

Client PC:
Ms Office (Excel)
4	What are the client operating systems that are supported?	Windows 7 & above 
5	What are the recommended client device system requirements / configuration? E.g. CPU, Memory, Disk Space, Graphics, Network etc…	4 Cores, Windows 8 plus OS, Ms Excel, 4 GB RAM, connectivity to internet/intranet.
Windows 7 & above
6	What client peripheral devices required providing a fully functional product, system or service?	CPU, Monitor, Keyboard, Mouse
Hosting Infrastructure

1	What databases are supported? e.g. SQL Server 2014, MongoDB, Oracle etc…	SQL Server 2008
2	Are there any application components required to run a database server? e.g. SQL SSAS / SSIS packages?	NA
3	What is the recommended on premise infrastructure system requirements / configuration to support the database server? e.g. CPU, Memory, Disk Space, Graphics, Network etc…	Production:
Windows Server 2012 R2 Standard 
32 GB 
Xeon 2.8 (8 Cores) 
500 GB Hard Drive

UAT:
Windows Server 2012 R2 Standard 
16 GB 
Xeon 2.2 (6 Cores) 
350 GB Hard Drive




3.	TO BE Process
3.1.	Asset Creation
 
	IT Team will raise the purchase request with appropriate item code and quantity. This purchase request will flow for approval to DOA and Finance approvers. This will continue as per existing process in oracle.
	Post approval of the purchase request, procurement team will raise the Purchase order and it will flow to respective approval. This will continue as per existing process in oracle.
	Post approval of purchase order, finance team will generate the Tag numbers in advance.
	Finance team will generate the TAG numbers in system by giving details of function and the quantity for which TAGs to be generated. System will generate the TAG numbers based on business logic (Please refer the Tag Generation logic in 4.1.1.2 Section).
	Finance team will provide Printed TAGs to IT Team in advance. (This is manual activity)
	After receiving goods, procurement team will enter GRN. This process will continue as per existing process in oracle. 
	Post GRN entry, IT Team can take further action i.e. Add Inventory. If Add Inventory is selected, it will flow to the screen where inventory details can be added.
	IT Team will add the Inventory details which are mandate for capitalizing the asset. Once the Inventory details are updated it will flow to finance team and notification email will triggered.  Post update of Inventory it will flow to IT TeamApprover for approval. IT Team approver can take further action i.e. Approve.Notification email to be triggered to IT Team approver.
	If Approve is selected, then this inventory will flow to Finance team to capitalize the assets and notification email will also triggered.
	Finance Team will validate the Asset serial number and TAG number details and update the cost against the inventory. Post submission, system will push the asset validation data through Mass Addition Interface in Oracle EBS for asset creation. Incase if data is return back then request will be available with IT Team for updation. 
	Post creation of asset id in oracle it will tie back to inventory application against that asset with the Asset ID and Asset creation date.
3.2.	Asset Transfer
















	IT/Facility team will raise new gate pass request with requestor and Asset details. Asset details have to be captured by selecting the TAG number and Serial number.  Gate Pass Request will flow to approval authority about new gate pass request. 
	Approval authority will take action on the gate pass request. In case of reject, IT/Facilityteam will get notification through email about rejection with reason.  In case of approval, Finance team to be notified via email to create the Tags.
	Finance team will generate the TAG numbers in system by giving details of entity and the quantity for which TAGs are to be generated. System will generate the TAG numbers based on business logic (Please refer Tag Generation logic in section 3.1.12)
	Finance team will provide Printed TAGs to IT Team in advance. (This is manual activity)
	Post Successful creation of Tag, IT Team to be notified via email to validate the assets.
	IT Team will verify/update the new TAG number details into system and IT Team will stick the TAG numbers to items. As soon as IT Team updates the details, system will trigger email to Finance team to update their records accordingly in Oracle.
	Post successful creation of the assets in Oracle EBS, Asset ID to be Tie Back against the Inventory.
	Finance team to confirm the asset movement in the FAR Application. Post confirmation, Inventory details to be updated with Asset ID and Finance Team confirmation date and time.
















3.3.	Asset Retirement
 
	For Scrap Cases
	IT Team will raise new gate pass request for Scrap cases with requestor and Asset details. Asset details have to be captured by selecting either TAG number, or Serial number.  Gate Pass Request will flow to approval authority about new gate pass request. 
	Approval authority i.e. Band CII and above Approval and From Location Facility will take action on the gate pass request. In case of reject, IT Team will get notification through email about rejection with reason.  In case of approval, IT Head and Group CFO to be notified via email for approval will be taken offline.
	Post offline approval of IT Head and Group CFO (Offline) will take action on the gate pass request. In case of reject, IT Team will get notification through email about rejection with reason.  In case of both the approval, IT Team to be notified via email to update the inventory details and Procurement Team for further processing i.e. Capture Sales Proceed and Retirement Process as per existing process which is captured in Oracle. Email Notification will be triggered offline to IT Team and others team for further action.
	For Retirement cases
	For Retired cases Offline request will be raised by the IT/Facility team to FA Team about retirement. FA Team will initiate the retirement process in Oracle.
	Post successful retirement/Scrap process of the assets in oracle, respective asset status (Retired/Scrap) will tie back against the status. Finance team will confirm asset retirement in FAR. System will trigger to mail to IT Team about retirement of asset confirmation. Post confirmation, Inventory details to be updated with Asset Retirement status and Finance Team confirmation date and time. 
 
4.	Asset Creation
4.1.	TAG Generation
4.1.1.	Create TAG
Tag generation page will help FA Team (Finance Team) to generate the TAG’s. Generated Tags will be handed over to the IT Team Team/Facility to affix the same against the received asset.

4.1.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	FA Team (Finance Team)
4.1.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 
Note: - Please refer field details in field validation excel.

 

4.1.1.1.	Field Validations

	
4.1.1.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation :- FAR  TAG  Create New Tag
2.	For Tag generation, PO will be tightly integrated with Tag Generation screen. Without PO tag’s will not generate from the system.
3.	On Click of Create New Tag, system will redirect to page where user can generate the TAG’s against the Assets.
4.	By default, system will display search field.
5.	Search field will be help user to search the PO details. If PO number does not match with data available in Oracle database then system will display validation message as “Please enter proper PO number.” 
6.	For TAG generation, following points need to consider.
i.	CPU and Monitor are to be tagged separately. This will be identified based on the Tag Count which will be maintained in Item Master.
ii.	Domestic appliances consist of Washing machine, Water cooler and Fridge.
iii.	Entertainment Equipment’s consist of TV, Camera, and DVD.
iv.	Tagging Length: 
	For new/existing locations: 14 digit alphanumeric tags to be affixed. The tagging sequence should be 3 Alphabetic characters denoting location, 1 alpha character for “Parent Department” such as “T for IT assets & F for facility assets”, remaining 10 digits should be numeric starting with “0” prefix with running serial number. 
	There are scenarios where Location abbreviation is more than 3 alphabets in such cases last 10 digits to be reduced. For example:-Location WNS DOM MUM abbreviation will come as WNSDOMT (IT) and for WNSDOMF (Facility). In this scenario 7 is the alphabets which contain the location and function and rest 7 digits will be numbers which will be the running series.
	Length of the Tag should not exceed 14 digits.
	Tagging of OPEX items: The tagging sequence should start with “OP” (2 Alphabetic character) denoting OPEX, 3 Alphabetic characters denoting location, 1 alpha character for “Parent Department” such as “T” for IT assets & “F” for facility assets, remaining 8 digits should be numeric starting with “0” prefix with running serial number. 
	For OPEX cases also if Location abbreviation is more than 3 alphabets in such cases last 10 digits to be reduced. 
	Attached is the Location abbreviation with function and OPEX logic :-

 
    
	Abbreviation will be maintained in Backend: - Abbreviation will not extend beyond 6 characters. Wherever Tag generation prefix is more, then number series will be less. In future Location abbreviation will not be updated. In such cases new abbreviation will be added. 
	Location will be fetched from Oracle “Inventory_Org’” against the WNS Assets Book.
	In future any new location comes up then FA team will raise the ticket in employee connect for new abbreviation creation.
7.	Only Taggable items will be available for Tag generation. These details will be fetched from Oracle.
8.	If Tagable is selected, Generate Tag Number button will be enabled. On click of Generate Tag Numbers, system will display the Tag number for confirmation. If checkbox is not selected then system will display an error message “Please select at least one Item for tag generation.” Popup of Tag number will be available to view and create the tag number. Below are some of the validation for popup :-
i.	If any mandatory field is not selected then system will display error message as “Please enter all mandatory information.” System will display those fields in red color.
ii.	On click of Confirm Tag Numbers, system will generate the Tag’s and display message as “TAG’s are created successfully”.
iii.	Export to Excel will extract the Location and Tag’s Number. This feature will be available once Tag Number is generated.
iv.	On Cancel or Close, Tag number will not generate. 
9.	If Tag’s are generated then for those cases checkbox will be disabled for tag generation.
10.	If Non Tag gable is selected then asset type and OPEX/CAPEX will be non-mandatory. In this case submit button will be enable to submit the data for inventory creation and notification email will trigger to the IT Team.
11.	Reset button will help user to clear all the details.
12.	In case PR and PO is not raised against proper Item Code/ Category then in such scenario TAG will not generate. In this scenario IT team need to raised PR and PO before the Tag generation.
13.	In case of any replacement of asset, same TAG no. will be updated for the replaced asset. No new tags will be generated. Reprinting of Tag’s will be an offline activity done by the FA Team.
14.	If TAG number same series generated simultaneously then first request will be in process and Tag number will be displayed.  Once the data is confirm then Tag will be generated. For other request if Tags is not created then alert message will display “Request is in Process”. Post confirmation Tag will be displayed to the second user.

Note: - Existing offline Tags which are available with FA Team that will be used by them. System should start generating the Tag’s from the last series of the offline Tag’s from FA System. Before going live FA Team to share the last digit series for all the location

 
4.1.2.	Manage Tag Numbers
This screen will help users to view the summary of the unused tags. Summary will be visible location wise, PO wise and unmapped tags. Void feature is also available to discard the Tag numbers which are not mapped till date and can be extracted for Reprints.
4.1.2.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	FA Team (Finance Team)
4.1.2.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 

	 
4.1.2.1.	Field Validations

 
4.1.2.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation :- FAR  TAG  Manage TAG Numbers
2.	On Click of Manage TAG Number page, system will redirect to page where users can see the summary of the Tag’s which are unused.
3.	By default, system will display search field and Summary of the Tags.
4.	Based on the search, Tag’s will be extracted in a grid.
5.	Tag Number Unused which will display the count of the Tags which are not mapped against the asset till date for the respective PO, Location and Function. This will be a link which will help team to view all the Tags which are not mapped.
6.	Tag Number unused functionality will have an option to void the selected Tag’s.
7.	For function type IT, counts will be verified from Inventory. Tags which are generated and those are not available in Inventory then those will be displayed in Unused tag’s against the Location and Function Type - IT
8.	For function type Facility, counts should be fetched from Oracle. Tags which are generated and those are not available in Oracle then those will be displayed in Unused tag’s against the Location and Function Type - Facility
9.	Void Tag’s will not be generated / used again.
10.	Pagination feature to be available. In such case if multiple paginations are provided then void feature should work for such scenario.
11.	For IT/Facility Function PO no. can be displayed. This will help user to know the Tag is generated for which PO.
12.	In Summary page, there should be a disclaimer that “Many a times asset capitalization is done later specially for new site creation. In such case unused Tags for Facility may not show correct results”
13.	Unused tag’s will not be used for Transfer cases.








4.2.	Inventory
4.2.1.	Add Inventory
Add inventory page will help IT Team to add the Inventory details against the PO & GRN number. User can add inventory manually as well as through Bulk upload.
4.2.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	IT Team
4.2.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
Add Inventory






















Expand functionality











Update functionality















4.2.1.1.	Field Validations
 
4.2.1.2.	Business Rules
IT Team will be notified once the GRN is raised by the procurement team. It will be notified via email to IT Team to take necessary action. IT Team need to maintained location wise. Mapping maintained in user management based on that details will be available for inventory management. Following Categories we can mapped in the system:-
•	Desktop 
•	Laptop
•	Server
•	Network
•	Telecom
Note: - Categorization discussion is still pending with IT Team. As of now we can take the above categories.
For Offline Tag’s which are maintained by the FA Team those will be utilized by FA team whenever new assets or transfer is happen. For such assets, IT Team will manage the Inventory in the system directly
Bulk Upload
1.	As per mapping in user management, only those major categories will be available to IT Team for their action.
2.	For Bulk Upload functionality, there will be an option i.e. Download Prefilled Template.
3.	To Download Prefilled Template, user needs to select the PO Number and GRN Number to download the Template. This Template will have prefilled data and other data can be updated by the IT Team and upload in the system. (Expecting Excel format from user)
4.	In Prefilled Template if, multiple categories are available then it will be available in different sheet to fill the data. Based on the Asset category, category name will be displayed against the sheet.
5.	While uploading, system should check all validation which is available in Manual entry should apply for upload as well.
6.	Through drag and drop, system will allow uploading the file. System will check below validation at the time of upload.
•	At a time only one file will be uploaded by the user. Multiple file cannot be uploaded. Incase multiple file is uploaded system should display an error message “Please upload single file at a time”
•	File size should not be more than 100MB. If size is more than 100 MB then system will display message as “File size should not be more than 100MB”
•	System will allow to upload file in both formats .xls and .xlxs
•	 If user tries to upload multiple file then system will display error message as “Please upload single file only”
•	After successful upload, system will display message as “File is uploaded successfully.”
•	In case of any error, file should generate with all error message in excel against the row.
7.	If the upload excel contains any incorrect entries, then on the click of upload, system should upload the correct entries & the incorrect entries should be available in the separate excel for user to make necessary changes with the error message.
For example, out of 500 records in the excel, if 300 are correct & 200 needs to be revised then on the click of “Upload”, system should upload the 300 correct entries in the system & the remaining 200 entries should be available for user in a separate download template to make changes. The user can make necessary changes in those 200 records & can upload again. 
8.	In case of duplicate entries, the system should upload the remaining records excluding the duplicate one’s & should populate an error for same. Fields with duplicate entries should be highlighted with “Red” in the excel template.
9.	No frequency should be set for user to upload the data
10.	Deletion of any record in excel should not affect the upload in the system.
11.	If the mandatory fields are missing in the excel template, the upload feature will populate the incorrect / missing fields records & will upload the remaining records.
12.	In case of existing records, the upload feature will update those records.
13.	Multiple PO can be uploaded for Managing Inventory via upload module. (Technically feasible need to check)
14.	Upload Format - Note – We haven’t received field confirmation on the field yet from business.
 
(Expecting Excel format from user)
Manual Addition
1.	As per mapping in user management, only those major categories will be available to IT Team for their action.
2.	Based on the selection of the PO and GRN Number, system displays all the asset which are procured will be display to maintain the mandatory details for capitalization.
3.	As per selection of the GRN, Provision will be available to split GRN lines based on quantity so that each asset can be tracked separately. Based on Item code, categorization will happen. For E.g. Please refer the attached PO for better understanding. If Desktop 200 quantity is ordered then in this case 400 line items will be available for Monitor and CPU based on the Item code.
  
4.	Item code Tag Count is mapped in Item Master. Based on that split is done for managing inventory.
5.	Based on PO and GRN selection, Vendor Name, Email Address, GRN Date and PO Date will be displayed.
6.	Once the mandatory fields are entered it will flow to FA Team for validation to IT Team approver for approval.
7.	Tag Number and Serial Number are mandatory for capitalization. This will help FA team to capitalize the asset from Asset validation screen.
8.	Submit will help team to update the details and send for Capitalization. Below are the validation message :-
•	If mandatory fields are not entered then system will display message as “Please fill all mandatory details” and system will highlight those fields with Red color.
•	On successful submission, system will display message as “Inventory added successfully”
9.	Reset feature will help system to refresh the page.
10.	For Managing inventory below validation to be taken care  :-
•	All CAPEX Asset categories will be considered for Inventory whether it is tag gable or non-tag able.
•	All OPEX Asset categories which are tag gable only those item will be considered for Inventory. Non tag gable will not be considered.
•	These details will be fetched from Oracle Item Master Category.
11.	As per above validation only those Item code will be available for Managing Inventory. Others will not be displayed for further processing.
12.	On click of update other fields; popup will be displayed to update other inventory details. 
13.	Incase if user updated the inventory details in the popup and on submit that record will not be visible. Those records will move to next level. Note :- There is a technical challenge of managing the state of the updated record in popup
14.	Incase if user updated the inventory and click on Popup then system will not save rest row data as state will not be maintained. Note: - There is a technical challenge of managing the state.
15.	Only Tag generation is tightly integrated with PO. While updating Inventory any Tag Number can be updated.
16.	Paginations will not be available. Instead of paginations scrolling will be available for scroll.
17.	TAG Number which is generated can be mapped to any Inventory. No validation to be kept for mapping the Tag Number. 
For selection of Desktop, system will display below fields.
	For selection of network, system will display below fields.
	For selection of telecom, system will display below fields.
	For selection of Server, system will display below fields.
	For selection of Laptop, system will display below fields.

•	Location
•	Asset Type
•	Allocation Type
•	System Asset ID
•	Serial Number
•	Host name
•	Dual Host name
•	Desk ID
•	IP Address
•	Make
•	Model Size
•	Processor
•	RAM
•	Hard Disk
•	Domain Name
•	Shared Dedicated
•	project
•	Location1
•	wing
•	Installed Operating System
•	Purchased OS
•	MS Office
•	OCS Client
•	Acrobat Reader
•	Winzip
•	Antivirus
•	Other Software
•	PO Number
•	Warranty start
•	Warranty end
•	Age Spend
•	Physical Verification
•	Stock status
•	bond	•	Location
•	Site Name
•	Asset Type
•	System Asset ID
•	Serial Number
•	Host name
•	IP Address
•	Make
•	Model Size
•	Process name
•	Shared Dedicated
•	PO Number
•	Stock status
•	Device Support
•	Define Scope
•	End of life of device
	•	Location
•	Asset Type
•	Asset ID
•	Serial Number
•	Host Name
•	Make
•	Model
•	PO Number
•	Stock Status
•	Device life	•	Acquisition Date
•	Asset No
•	Asset
•	Server Name
•	Server usage
•	Server domain
•	Server role
•	environment
•	status
•	Product
•	Type
•	Type no
•	OS Type
•	OS
•	No of processor
•	Cores on each processors
	•	Employee ID
•	Employee Name
•	Model
•	Serial No
•	Badge ID
•	Location
•	Issue Date
•	Expected Return Date
•	Is Returned


Note: - Multiple PO cannot be uploaded for Managing Inventory via upload module. In this scenario only single PO will be selected for uploading the inventory.




4.2.2.	View Inventory
This module will help IT Team to view/update the Inventory. 
4.2.2.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	IT Team
2.	IT Team Approver
4.2.2.2.	TO-BE Wireframe






















































4.2.2.1.	Field Validations

 

4.2.2.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: FAR Inventory View Inventory
2.	As per mapping in user management, only those major categories will be available to IT Team for their action. Edit is possible any time post upload.
3.	IT Team has an access to view/update the inventory.
4.	There will be a search option to extract the asset details based on the filter.
5.	There will be different dropdown for selecting the Asset category.
6.	On click of edit, inventory popup will be displayed for update.
7.	Add Inventory feature is provided which will help team to navigate it to Inventory screen.
8.	Scroll feature to be made available in the grid.

4.3.	Asset Validation
4.3.1.	Asset Validation
This page will help user to validate the Inventory details which was posted by the IT Team for capitalization.
4.3.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	FA Team (Finance Team)
4.3.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
Asset Validation
 	
4.3.1.1.	Field Validations

 

4.3.1.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: FAR Asset Validation
2.	Finance Team will be able to validate the inventory details which are submitted by the IT Team. Finance Team will be notified via email for further validation.
3.	On click of Asset Validation, it will display Asset Validation page for Finance Team for updating the asset details and capitalization of assets. 
4.	By default system will display search page only. Post searching the PO and GRN numbers details will be available for further processing.
5.	There are two features for validating asset i.e. Manual and Upload feature.
6.	Upload feature will have the upload functionality which will help user to upload the downloaded excel in the system. If it is successfully uploaded system will push the data to oracle for asset id creation. Following validation to be taken care while upload :-
i.	Validation will be applied as per the Manual entry.
ii.	All label fields will be read-only format. This field will not be editable.
iii.	In case of any error identified, error file should generate with error reason.
iv.	File format should not change.
v.	File Size should not be greater than 100 MB. If it is greater than100 MB system should display an error message “File Size should not exceed more than100 MB”.
vi.	Incase if FA Team add any additional Assets while uploading & those are not available for Asset validation those will not be uploaded in the system. System should display an error message “Uploaded Assets are not available for asset validation”
7.	Format can be downloaded from the Export to Excel feature. Attached is the format for your reference :-



8.	Asset validation will have only below Items for asset validation :-
i.	All CAPEX Asset categories will be considered for Inventory whether it is tag able or non-tag able.
ii.	All OPEX Asset categories which are tagable only those item will be considered for asset validation. Non tag able will not be considered.
iii.	These details will be fetched from Oracle Item Master Category.
9.	As per above validation only those Item code will be available for Asset validations. Others will not be displayed for further processing.
10.	Checkbox will enable the maker to select the entry to validate and update the asset.
11.	Post updating the details against the selected record and click on validate, validated asset will flow to Oracle FA for Asset ID creation.
12.	As a process FA Team doesn’t create the asset id for the Part of Item. That costing is maintained in the Main asset and creates the asset id in oracle. For this scenario in the system, FA team will maintain the costing as Zero for Part of asset and that cost can be merged with Main Item. System will create asset id only for the main Item. Wherever Zero is maintain for those case asset id will not create in FA System.
13.	Currency field will be displayed. Based on the corporate asset book currency will be displayed. This detail will be fetched from Oracle.
14.	Cost which will be entered will be a functional currency i.e. based on the Asset Book, cost will be entered.
15.	 Cost will not be matched with any PO and GRN. For cost below three fields will be available :-
•	Cost
•	Non Recoverable Cost CGST
•	Non Recoverable Cost IGST
16.	Below fields should be displayed in one column with underscore sign :-
•	COMPANY
•	ACCOUNT
•	INTER COMPANY
•	FUTURE_1
•	FUTURE_2
17.	Return feature help Finance team to send back the asset to IT Team to update with proper reasoning. If it is send back to the IT Team, system will follow the same workflow in case of return. Notification email to be triggered to the IT Team to take further action on the same.
18.	Scroll feature to be made available in the grid.
19.	Once the data is validated or return those cases will not be displayed on the screen. 
20.	Any data correction in both the system will be done manually.
21.	Following grid will help team understand the layout in the screen :-
Header	Grid	Screen to Update
Corporate Asset Book	Tag able Type	Asset Type
Manufacturer Name	Tag Number	Description
Project	Serial Number	WNS_Nature1
WNS Asset Key	Model Number	Recoverable Cost
	WNS_Major	Non Recoverable Cost CGST
	WNS_Minor	Non Recoverable Cost IGST
	Facility	SGST
	Floor	Date Placed In Service
	Desk Confg ID	Invoice Number
	Company	Remark
	Account	City
	Intercompany	
	Future_1	
	Future_2	


4.4.	System Integration Involved
 
a.	For Creating Tags, a PO numbers detail is required for reference. These details will be fetched from Oracle for further processing. Based on this FA Team can raise the Tag’s
b.	For Inventory creation as well PO and GRN details are required. These details will be fetched from oracle. This will help Asset wise segregation for adding the inventory.
c.	In asset validation screen, post confirmation of the asset details will be push to oracle for asset ID creation.
d.	Once the asset id is created in oracle it will be tie back to inventory.
Field wise integration points have been explained in detail:-
a.	Views are required from Oracle to fetch the PO, GRN, Item Master and JE details. Field is mentioned in the attached excel.
b.	FAR Application will push Asset Validation fields to Oracle for Asset Creation 
c.	Once the Asset ID is created need to be push to FAR Application.
	 

5.	Asset Transfer
5.1.	Gate Pass
5.1.1.	Gate Pass Request
This module will help users to raise the request to transfer goods from one location to another location.
5.1.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	IT Team
2.	Facilities
5.1.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
Gate Pass
 

Gate Pass 

 







Gate Pass

 
5.1.1.1.	Field Validations


5.1.1.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation:- Gate PassNew Gate Pass Request
2.	On Click of New Gatepass Request, user will be able to track the item which will be move from one location to another location.
3.	In this request, user maintain line wise item of the asset which needs to be moved in the gate pass request.
4.	Tag number will be integrated from Oracle. Based on the selection of the tags, other assets details will be fetched.
5.	Based on the To Location and Reason for dispatch, recipient details will vary.
6.	Once the Gate Pass is raised, request will flow to Band CII and above and Facilities Team for approval.

Note: - For Detail Business Rules and validation please refer the Gate Pass CR.
5.1.2.	Gate Pass Approval (First Level & Second Level)
Once the gate pass request is raised it will flow for approval to the band CII and above employee which is selected while creating the request. Post Band CII & above approval It will flow to From Location Facilities for approval and there will be DOA trigger 
5.1.2.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	Band CII and above
2.	From Facilities
5.1.2.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 
5.1.2.3.	Field Validations



5.1.2.4.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation:-  Gate Pass Supervisor Approval Status
2.	Once the Gatepass request is raised, it will be available with selected Band CII and above for approval.
3.	He/She can approve or reject the gate pass request.
4.	Approved Gate Pass request will flow to From Location facilities for approval.
5.	Rejected Gatepass request will be rejected.
6.	Post all level of approval request will be available with Security Team to take further action.
7.	Gatepass image will be generated which will have approval status. Accordingly intimation email will be triggered to the Finance Team to create the Transfer Tags.

Note: - For Detail Business Rules and validation please refer the Gate Pass CR.

5.1.3.	Gate Pass Approval (Security Team)
Post all two level of approval, request will be available with Security team work list. In this module security team can mark the goods as “Received”, “Dispatched” or “Rejected” with Comments
5.1.3.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	Security Team
5.1.3.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 
 
5.1.3.3.	Field Validations



5.1.3.4.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation:-  Gate Pass Security Worklist
2.	Once the gate pass is approved by all the approver, request will be available with Security Team to take further action while moving the asset from one location to other.
3.	From Location Security can “Send”, “Receive”& “Reject” the goods for moving the asset.
4.	To Location Security can only “Receive” the goods for receiving the asset.
Note: - For Detail Business Rules and validation please refer the Gate Pass CR.

5.2.	Transfer TAG
5.2.1.	Transfer TAG Generation
This module will help Finance team to generate the TAG’s against the assets where transfer request is raised from one location to other location.
5.2.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	FA Team (Finance Team)
5.2.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 



 

 

5.2.1.3.	Field Validations







5.2.1.4.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: FAR Asset transfer Create Transfer TAG

Pre-requisites conditions:
i.	IT Team has to raise the gate pass request 
ii.	Gape pass request must be approved by all the approval authority.
iii.	System intimated the finance team through email for Tag generations.

2.	On Click of create transfer TAG page, system will redirect to page where user can generate the TAG’s against the Assets.
3.	By default, system will display search field and all Gate pass request as per below logic.
4.	Search field will be help user to search the Gate pass request details.
5.	Tag Generation logic will remain same. Please refer 4.1.1.2 section.
6.	As per below validation, only those Gate pass request should be available for Transfer Tag generation:-
i.	Request which were raised for IT Function.
ii.	Tags and Serial number is available.
iii.	Tags which have CAPEX prefix.
iv.	Transfer request is raised.
7.	Other Gate pass request will not be available with the team for Tag generation.
8.	For Transfer above field will be fetched as per the existing tag creation and Gate pass request. Below details for better understanding :-
i.	Location – Fetch from Gate Pass Request.
ii.	Function – Fetch from Existing Tag Creation screen against the old Tag number.
iii.	OPEX/CAPEX - Fetch from Existing Tag Creation screen against the old Tag number.
iv.	Quantity – Fetch from Gatepass request.
15.	On click of Generate Tag Numbers, system will display the Tag number for confirmation. Popup of Tag number will be available to view and create the tag number. 
i.	If any mandatory field is not selected then system will display error message as “Please enter all mandatory information.” System will display those fields in red color.
ii.	On click of Confirm Tag Numbers, system will generate the Tag’s and display message as “TAG’s are generated successfully”. Notification email should trigger to IT Team to update the inventory.
iii.	Export to Excel will extract the Location and Tag’s Number.
iv.	On Cancel or Close, Tag number will not generate. Tag’s Number which was cancelled can be reused again for generation.
9.	Reset button will help user to clear all the details.
10.	Scroll feature to be made available in the grid.




5.2.2.	Update Transfer Inventory
This module will help IT Team to update the new Tag numbers against the old Tag number and gate pass request. Post update, system will update the new tag number against the transfer inventory.
5.2.2.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	IT Team
5.2.2.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 

5.2.2.1.	Field Validations



5.2.2.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: FAR Asset TransferUpdate Transfer Inventory
2.	As per mapping in user management, only those major categories Gatepass request will be available to IT Team for their action.
3.	Once the Tag is generated, notification email should get triggered to IT Team for inventory update. 
4.	On Click of Update transfer Inventory page, system will redirect to page where user can update the TAG’s against the Assets.
5.	By default, system will display search field with all request which are available for inventory update.
6.	Check box feature will help user to select multiple record to update.
7.	On click of “Update Inventory” button, system will check the validations.  
i.	If any mandatory field is not selected then system will display error message as “Please enter all mandatory information.”System will display those fields in red color.
ii.	On successful update of asset TAG no, system will display message as “Inventory updated successfully”. Notification email to trigger FA Team to create and confirm the asset.
iii.	If checkbox is not clicked then error message should display “Please select at least one record to update”.
8.	Cancel button will help user to clear all the details. 
9.	Scroll feature to be made available in the grid.

5.2.3.	Confirm Asset Transfer
This module will help FA Team to confirm the asset transfer in FAR application. Prerequisite to confirm the asset is to create the Asset id in Oracle.
5.2.3.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	FA Team (Finance Team)
5.2.3.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 

5.2.3.1.	Field Validations



5.2.3.2.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: FAR Asset Transfer Confirm Asset Transfer
2.	On Click of Confirm Asset Transfer page, system will redirect to page where user can confirm the asset transfer movement.
3.	By default, system will display search field and all Gate pass request where inventories are update.
4.	This feature will help FA team to create the assets in FA Books and confirm the same in FAR.
5.	If Asset ID is created in oracle then system will display Asset ID in FAR. If not created then that field will be blank.
6.	On click of “Confirm Asset Transfer” button, system will check the validations.  
i.	If no checkbox is selected then on click of Confirm asset transfer button system will display error message as “Please select at least one check box.”
ii.	On successful submission, system will display message as “Asset TAG number confirmed successfully”
iii.	System should check with Oracle if Asset Transfer is done for requested gate pass. If not system should not allow to confirm the request. It should display the message “Transfer process is not done in Oracle”
7.	Cancel button will help user to clear all the details. 
8.	In any Gatepass request if there is any support Item and that need to be transfer, FA Team will do backtracking of PO number against the Tag Number. Based on the PO Number team will check whether there is any support item in that PO. If yes then FA team will transfer the Support Item and create the new asset ID for the same in Oracle and earlier Asset ID will also be retire from the previous location asset book.
9.	In the above scenario and against the Gatepass request, system will update the ASSET ID and TO Location against the Inventory with the FA confirmation date and time.
10.	Scroll feature to be made available in the grid.












5.3.	System Integration Involved
 

1.	For Transfer case, Gatepass request is raised. Based on the Tag details and Serial Number asset details will be fetched from FAR.
2.	Approval details will flow to Gatepass system.
3.	For creating the Transfer Tag’s, gate pass details are required to fetch the Asset Tags and serial number
4.	Once the inventory is created, new inventory will be updated in FAR.
5.	Once the new asset id is created in oracle, then it will tie back to the FAR request for confirmation.
Field wise integration points have been explained in detail:-
1.	Views are required from Oracle to fetch the PO, GRN, Item Master details. Field is mentioned in the attached excel.
2.	Transfer request to be fetched from Gate Pass Application.
3.	Once the Transfer Asset ID is created need to be push to FAR Application.
	 
6.	Asset Retirement
6.1.	Gate Pass
6.1.1.	Gate Pass Request
For Retirement and Scrap processes, Gate pass request is raised. Please refer to 4.1 section of gate pass module. For this case there will be two more additional approvals i.e. IT Head and Group CFO Approval. Refer 5.1.2 section for approval.

6.1.2.	Retirement Confirmation
This module will help FA team to validate the retirement process against the inventory. Once the Gatepass is approved FA team will be notified for doing retirement process in oracle. Post retirement is done in oracle; status will be sync in FAR for further confirmation.
6.1.2.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	FA Team (Finance Team)
6.1.2.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 










6.1.2.3.	Field Validations
 

6.1.2.4.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: FAR Asset Retirement Confirm Asset Retirement
2.	There are two ways of retirement i.e. Asset Retirement and Asset Scrap. 
3.	Asset retirement will retired the asset in FA book and marked as retired in Inventory. But it may still be in WNS Premises. Accordingly intimation email will trigger. Offline request will be raised by the IT/Facility team to FA Team about retirement. Once retirement process is done in oracle. Asset Status will be sync in Retirement screen of FAR. FA Team can confirm the Asset retirement and status will updated in Inventory
4.	Asset Scrap will be moved out of WNS premises and asset will be considered for retirement and accordingly asset will be scrap in FA book and marked as scrap in Inventory.
5.	For retirement  scrap case, IT Team will raise a new gate pass request with requestor details; asset details have to capture by selecting either TAG Number or Serial Number.
6.	Gate pass request will flow for four two level of approval i.e. a. Band CII and above, b. Facilities, c. Group CFO Approval and d. IT Head approval.
7.	All four two level of approval is done, IT Head and Group CFO offline approval will be taken. Post which Procurement team and IT Team to be notified via offline email about the retirement request has been approved and necessary action can be taken.
8.	Post all four two approvals, Finance team will proceed with the retirement process in FA Book. Finance Team will be notified via email. If Asset is not retired or scrap then status will display as “Pending Retire”
9.	After retirement of the asset, Finance team will confirm the asset retirement/scrap and same will update the inventory accordingly. Email notification will be triggered to IT Team about retirement/Scrap of asset confirmation.
10.	In Asset confirmation page, all approved cases will be available for Finance Team confirmation. 
11.	There will be an option for finance team to select multiple or single gate pass request for confirmation.
12.	While doing confirmation, system will check whether asset has been retired in oracle or not. 
a.	If it is retired/scrap against the serial number and tag number then system allow confirming the asset and accordingly inventory will be updated. 
b.	If it is not retired/scrap then system will not allow to confirm the inventory. It will display the message that “Asset is not retired in FA Books. Asset Serial No. is ________ and Tag No. is __________.”
13.	Post confirmation of asset, gate pass request will be moved out from the grid.
14.	Scroll feature to be made available in the grid.




6.2.	System Integration Involved
 

1.	For Scrap case, Gatepass request is raised. Based on the Tag details and Serial Number asset details will be fetched from FAR.
2.	Approval details will flow to Gatepass system.
3.	Once the asset id is retired, then it will tie back to the FAR request for confirmation.
Field wise integration points have been explained in detail:-
1.	Views are required from Oracle to fetch the PO, GRN, Item Master and JE details. Field is mentioned in the attached excel.
2.	Retirement request to be fetched from Gate Pass Application.
3.	Once the Retirement Process is done in oracle then Retirement status need to be push to FAR Application.
	 

7.	Reconciliation
7.1.	Reconciliation Report
7.1.1.	Reconciliation Dashboard 
This module will help users to view the reconciliation report for the selected filters. This will help user to view all the gaps of all the respective teams and based on that necessary action can be taken. 

7.1.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	Admin
2.	FA Team (Finance Team)
3.	IT Team 

7.1.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
Screen Shot 1
 



Screen Shot 2
 
7.1.1.3.	Field Validation

 
7.1.1.4.	Business Rules
1.	Navigation: - FAR Dashboard  Reconciliation Dashboard
2.	This module reconcile with the Serial Number and Tag Numbers against Both the team. If any discrepancy is found then that defect percentage need to be displayed against each team.
3.	This will show below criteria in the graph :-
i.	Approved Counts
ii.	Pending with IT 
iii.	Pending with FA
4.	Approved counts will show the percentage of assets which are matched from IT and FA Team prospective. Simple Percentage logic to be applied.
5.	Pending with IT– This will show the Percentage of the assets which are pending with IT Team for their action. Simple Percentage logic to be applied.
6.	Pending with FA– This will show the percentage of the assets which are pending with FA Team for their action. Simple Percentage logic to be applied.
7.	Summary grid to be made available to view the pending count against each team.
8.	Pending with IT– This will show the Percentage counts of the assets which are pending with IT Team for their action. Following sections will be available :-
i.	Serial Number Not Matching – This will show the count of the Serial Number from inventory which are not mapped against the TAG Number and Serial Number from Oracle.
ii.	Tag Number Not Matching - This will show the count of the Tag Number from inventory which are not mapped against the TAG Number and Serial Number from Oracle.
iii.	Both Not Matching - This will show the count of the Serial Number or Tag Number which are missing from inventory against the Oracle.
iv.	Pending Retirement - This will show the Status count of the Retired asset from inventory which are not mapped against the TAG Number and Serial Number from Oracle.
9.	Pending with FA– This will show the counts of the assets which are pending with FA Team for their action. Following sections will be available :-
i.	Serial Number Not Matching – This will show the count of the Serial Number from Oracle which are not mapped against the TAG Number and Serial Number from Inventory.
ii.	Tag Number Not Matching - This will show the count of the Tag Number from Oracle which are not mapped against the TAG Number and Serial Number from Inventory.
iii.	Both Not Matching - This will show the count of the Serial Number or Tag Number which are missing from Oracle against the Inventory.
iv.	Pending Retirement - This will show the Status count of the Retired asset from Oracle which are not mapped against the TAG Number and Serial Number from Inventory.
10.	On click of any of the above link, system will detail out the records for further reconciliation.


8.	Master
8.1.	Manage User
8.1.1.	Manage User
This screen will help Admin to create mapping.

8.1.1.1.	Actors
Following users can access the Screen
1.	Admin

8.1.1.2.	TO-BE Wireframe
 

Note – Wireframe need to be change.











8.1.1.3.	Field Validation
 
8.1.1.4.	Business Rules
1.	There Employee ID/Name should be an auto search extender. This will help user to search the employee from PeopleSoft. This will have only WNS Employee only. This will be mandatory field for mapping role. If invalid employee id is entered system will display an error message “Please enter valid employee id/Name”. If details are not entered for search it will display an error message “Please enter employee id/name for search”. Below details will be fetched from PeopleSoft:-
i.	Employee Name
ii.	Designation
2.	Role will be a dropdown fields. It will have value like “Admin”, “IT”, and “FA Team”. This will be a mandatory field. If not selected then system will display an error message “Please select the Role”.
3.	Major Category will be a list box fields. Values will be fetched from Oracle. This will be a mandatory field for selection. If not selected then error message should display “Please select the Major category”. This mapping will help IT Team to view only that Major categories for their action. 
4.	Location will be a list box fields. Values will be fetched from Oracle. This will be a mandatory field for selection. If not selected then error message should display “Please select the Location”. This mapping will help IT Team to view only those location which are mapped for their action. 
5.	Admin will be mapped from the IT Team as well as from FA Team. At least one admin will be active in the system. If user is trying to deactivate the last admin, system should popup with the message that “At least one admin should be active in the system.”
6.	IF Admin role is selected he/she will be mapped to “All Location” and “All Categories”. In grid it will display only one grid. 
7.	Below fields will be visible in grid
i.	Employee ID / Name
ii.	Role
iii.	Designation
iv.	Major Category
v.	Location
vi.	Edit
vii.	Action
8.	Edit Button will help user to edit the mapping. Only Role will be editable. At a time only one role will be assigned to any users. If users already exist & new mapping is created for same user it should display an error message “Mapping already exist”.
9.	Activate/Deactivate will help user to activate or deactivate the mapping. On click of activate button, mapping will get activate & vice versa.
10.	Pagination feature will be available where grid is present. User can see the drop down containing values 25, 50. As per selection of value system will display number of records on the page. By default display 25 records on the page.
11.	In Grid we have export to excel functionality to extract the details in excel.







9.	Open Points

1.	Data Migration plan: Only previous FY data to be migrated in FAR System or historical data migration is also required? – All Historical data will be migrated in the system
2.	Proposed solution will be used in PAN India or across globe. If it will be used for International locations then any process / system changes is required?  - Across Globe 
3.	Group CFO’s Approval for Asset Retirement needs to maintain in Gate pass System or in new FAR. Do we need to keep multi-level delegation feature to be kept for the approval process. – IT Head and Group CFO Approval will be offline.
4.	Different fields details for different asset type is pending from IT team. Screen / Field Grid in design will change according to IT input. 
5.	In oracle we have different Asset Category i.e. “Major Category”, “Minor Category” and “Sub Minor Category”. IT team will confirm that which categories we should take for Asset Categorization. If we consider Minor Category only, then the data shall be corrected and standardized by business in Oracle.
6.	Currently in Inventory application we are managing Laptop, Desktop, Network, Server and Telecom. Will this be final scope of IT Assets in FAR.
10.	Email Notifications
10.1.	Notification attached

 





















11.	Appendix
11.1.	Oracle Screens
  
11.2.	Field Validation

11.3.	Workflow



12.	Approval Signature Page
Deliverable Name:          _____________________________________________
Version Number:             _____________________________________________
Project Name:                 _____________________________________________

I agree that this document represents my best understanding of the information presented within this Deliverable for this project today. Future changes in this baseline document can be made through the project’s defined change process. I realize that approved changes might require us to renegotiate the costs, resource and schedule commitments for this project.  

Name	Title	Signature/Electronic Vote/Email	Date
		<Approver Signature>	<Date Signed/Reviewed /Emailed>
		<Approver Signature>	<Date Signed/Reviewed /Emailed>
		<Approver Signature>	<Date Signed/Reviewed /Emailed>
			
			


