 

Document Version
Version	Date	Additions/Modifications	Last Modified/Revised by
0.1	18-Dec-17	New Draft	                Rizwan Inamdar 
0.2	21-Dec-17	Added FDD review feedback post 19-Dec-17 Meet	Rizwan Inamdar
0.3	08-Jan-18	Added FDD review feedback from Finance team	Rizwan Inamdar
0.4	17-Jan-18	Review Feedback	Kishor Kulkarni
0.5	18-Jan-18	Added FDD review feedback from Finance team	Rizwan Inamdar
0.6	17-Sep-18	Updated UAT feedback and added Final screens	Vijay Pandey

Document Id:	0.6

Document Name:	APQueue Function Design Document
Publication Date:	18-Dec-17
Prepared By:	Ashok Borate 













Table of Contents
1	Introduction	1
1.1	Purpose of the document	1
1.2	Context	1
1.3	Scope of the document	1
1.3.1	As Is Process	2
2	iExpense Claims Processing	3
2.1	Process Flow	3
2.2	Workload Balancing for iExpense	4
2.3	Criteria for Queue’s	4
3	Invoice Processing	5
3.1	Process Flow	5
3.2	Workload Balancing for Invoices (AP) Queue	6
3.3	Criteria for Queue’s	6
4	User Roles and Responsibilities	7
4.1	Application Roles	7
4.2	Role-Access Matrix	7
5	iExpense Queue Proposed System Flow	10
5.1	Claims Import	10
5.2	Claims Classification, Setting Due Date and Prioritization	10
5.3	Action Claim - Auditor	11
5.3.1	Processor Dashboard	11
iExpense > Auditor Page	11
5.3.2	Processor Window	12
5.4	Reconcile Auditor Actioned Claims	13
5.5	Action Claim - Validator	14
	Validation Window	14
5.5.1	14
5.6	Reconcile Validators Actioned Claims	14
6	Invoice Queue Proposed System Flow	15
6.1	Invoices Import	15
6.2	Invoice Classification, Grouping and Prioritization	15
6.3	Action Invoice - Booker	16
6.3.1	Processor Screen	16
Invoice Processing > Booker Page	16
6.3.2	Current Task Page	17
6.4	Reconcile Bookers Actioned Invoices	17
6.5	Action Invoice(s) - Validator	18
	Validator Action Screen	18
6.5.1	18
6.6	Reconcile Validators Actioned Invoices	18
6.7	Action Invoices(s) - Payer	19
6.7.1	Payer Action Screen	19
7	Dashboards	20
7.1	Workload Status	20
7.1.1	Screen: iExpense Claims	20
7.1.2	Screen: Invoice Processing	21
7.2	Team Productivity	22
7.2.1	Screen: Invoice Processing Productivity	22
7.3	Release Workitem	23
	Screen Layout	23
7.3.1	23
7.4	Urgent Payment	24
7.4.1	Screen Layout	24
8	Master(s) Screens	25
8.1	User Management	25
8.2	Misc. Activities Management	26
8.2.1	Screens	26
9	Annexure	27
9.1	iExpense Claims Import	27
9.2	Invoice Processing Import	27
9.3	Master – Operating Unit	27
9.4	Master – Vendor	28
10	Exclusion	29

 
1	Introduction
1.1	Purpose of the document
The purpose of this document is to detail the functional design approach for “AP Queue Implementation for WNS Corporate Finance Team”. This will be a web based application as a part of workload queuing and allocation system for WNS AP Team. It is expected the following groups of people will use this document:
•	Business Sponsor and stakeholders will be expected to agree the requirements as stated within this document will meet their need. 
•	Solution Architects and Developers will be expected to agree to be able to deliver the requirements as stated within this document. 
•	Testers will base their test strategy and test cases on this document.
1.2	Context 

•	Periodically auto import and upload of work items (Claims/Invoices).
•	Workload prioritization 
•	Routing of work item to respective team/user as per associated Operating Unit
•	Predefined built-in workflows/Queues  
1.3	Scope of the document

1.3.1	As Is Process
1.3.1.1	iExpense Processing
•	Supervisor downloads iExpense Dump data for “Pending Payment Approval” claims for India and Non-India Operating Units
•	Excel Tracker is maintained to track the Claim flow
•	Super visor manually assigns Auditor, Validator and Payer depending upon Operating Unit
•	Auditors acknowledge the claim’s hardcopy for India Operating Units and updates the Hardcopy receipt date
•	Users (Auditor, Validator and Payer) update tracker as an when they work on Claim in ERP
1.3.1.2	Invoice Processing
•	Supervisor downloads Dump data for “Never Validated” invoices for India and Non-India Operating Units
•	Excel Tracker is maintained to track the Invoice flow
•	Super visor manually assigns Booker, Validator and Payer depending upon Operating Unit
•	Users (Booker, Validator and Payer) updates tracker as a when they work on invoices  in ERP
1.3.1.3	Challenges
•	Daily download of data dumps for input
•	Manual work allocation to Users
•	No mechanism for auto workload prioritization and balancing 
•	No tracking of Staff’s Productive and Non-Productive Tasks
•	No supervisor view/dashboard for Staff’s current status
•	Workload forecasting 

2	iExpense Claims Processing 
2.1	Process Flow

 
•	All the Invoices/Claims related to Staff are handled by iExpense team
•	Periodic ( twice a day subject to ERP performance )  background import of “Pending Payables Approval” claims for processing from iExpense 
•	Prioritization of claims as per claim import date for   OUs wherein Hardcopy acknowledgment is not required (refer  section 8.3)
•	Prioritization of claims as per Hardcopy acknowledgement date for   OUs wherein Hardcopy acknowledgment is required (refer  section 8.3)
•	Workflows
o	OU’s with ACK Hardcopy: ACK Hardcopy  Audit  Validation  Payment
o	OU’s without ACK Hardcopy: Audit  Validation  Payment 
•	Role Band D and above Staff’s claims will have prioritization (configurable) for faster claim processing 
•	Maintaining claims Queue wise (Audit Queue, Validation Queue and Payment Queue) for allocation and Processing.
•	Assigning OU(s) and Queue(s) (Audit Queue, Validation Queue and Payment Queue) to Users for allocation. 
•	Pushing claim to users as per assigned OU, Queue and Priority
•	Grouping of Claims for Employee for single payment in Payment Queue

2.2	Workload Balancing for iExpense
•	Parameter 1: Urgent processing of specific claims
•	Parameter 1A : Claims pending for processing more than 3  days post system manager approval date in case of Non India OUs wherein Hardcopy  acknowledgment is not required; and Hard copy acknowledgement date in case of India OUs wherein Hardcopy  acknowledgment is required
•	Parameter 2: Employee Band Processing Priority
o	If processing priority is not set for band means normal priority
•	Parameter 3: OU / Country Affinity (Primary & Secondary) (Specified for Processor/ Auditor)
•	Parameter 4:  Claim Import Date / Hardcopy Received Date
o	Claims will be allocated from specific OU/ Country to Processor/ Auditor if affinity is defined


2.3	Criteria for Queue’s
Following is criteria for displaying items in a Queue
 

3	Invoice Processing
3.1	Process Flow

 
•	All the Invoices related to Vendor are handle by AP Invoice Processing Team
•	Periodic(Every two hours subject to ERP performance) auto import of  “Never Validated” invoices having Total=0  for processing from AP Module 
•	Prioritization of invoices as per Invoice Due Date
•	Treating an invoice with multiple payment schedules as different invoices for Payment however Booking and Validation would happen just once. –  (E.g. vendor invoice with retention)
•	 
•	Credit Notes would be treated as Invoices and would go through Booking and Validation Queues. All available Credit notes (if available) of Vendor would be displayed in payment queue (read only) while Payment. 
•	While paying invoices for a Vendor, Payer should be able to view the Unpaid and Partially Paid credit notes for that Vendor.
•	Maintaining invoices Queue wise (Booking Queue, Validation Queue and Payment Queue) for allocation and Processing.
•	Assigning OUs, Vendor (Optional) and Queues (Audit Queue, Validation Queue and Payment Queue) to Users for allocation. 
•	Pushing invoices to  users as per assigned OU, Queue and Priority
•	Addressing Urgent Payment of Invoices


3.2	Workload Balancing for Invoices (AP) Queue
•	Parameter 1: Urgent Payments
–	Invoices manually tagged as urgent in Queuing Tool
–	Invoice Due date is in next 2 days
•	Parameter 2: OU/Country Affinity -  Vendor Category  Vendor Affinity (Specified for Booker/ Validator/ Payer) 
–	When there is sufficient workload for all team, individuals will keep on getting invoices of same vendor category / vendor to avoid switching time
–	If specific Booker/ Validator/ Payer doesn’t have vendor category and/or vendor affinity, (s)he will keep getting 
	Urgent Payments
	Vendor invoices without affinity
•	Parameter 3: Invoice Due Date
–	Invoices will have queued based on earliest Due Date

3.3	Criteria for Queue’s
Following is criteria for displaying items in a Queue 
 
4	User Roles and Responsibilities
4.1	Application Roles
Role	Privileges
Processor		Work item processing (Audit/Booking, Validation, Payment)
Supervisor(Invoice)		Team Workload Monitoring
	Dashboards
 Admin		Managing Users
	Managing Misc. Activities 
4.2	Role-Access Matrix
User Role	Responsibility and Access
Processor - Auditor(iExpense)		I should able to get a Claim for Audit as soon as I login to System as per my aligned Operating Units
	I should able to complete the current claim and should automatically get the next claim for Audit 
	I should able to switch amongst Queues (Audit & Payment)
	 I should able to go on miscellaneous activity mode (e.g. Break, Team meeting etc.)
	I should view count of Pending items in Audit Queue for my aligned OUs
	I should able to get my Productivity (count based) for a date range
Processor - Validator(iExpense)		I should able to get a Claim for Validation as soon as I login to System as per my aligned Operating Units
	I should able to complete the current claim and should automatically get the next claim for Validation
	 I should able to go on miscellaneous activity mode (e.g. Break, Team meeting etc.)
	I should view Pending items in Validation Queue for my aligned OUs. 
	I should able to get my Productivity (count based) for a date range

	

Supervisor(iExpense)		I should able to view the current workload in all Queues OU wise
	I should able to view the current status of team members  
	I should able to view my team’s productivity (count based)
	I should able to view and download Staff details for Pending AP Entry
Processor - Booker(Invoice)		I should able to get an Invoice for Booking as soon as I login to System as per my aligned Operating Units 
	I should able to complete the current Invoice and should automatically get the next Invoice for Booking 
	I should able to switch amongst Queues (If multiple Queues assigned)
	 I should able to go on miscellaneous activity mode (e.g. Break, Team meet etc.)
	I should view count of Pending items in Booking Queue for my aligned OUs I should able to get my Productivity (count based) for a date range
Processor - Validator(Invoice)		I should able to get Invoice(s) for Validation as soon as I login to System as per my aligned Operating Units and Vendors (if assigned) and Priority
	I should able to complete the current Invoice(s) and should automatically get the next Invoice(s) for Validation 
	 I should able to go on miscellaneous activity mode (e.g. Break, Team meet etc.)
	I should view Pending items in Validation Queue for my aligned OUs
	I should able to get my Productivity (count based) for a date range
Processor - Payer(Invoice)		I should able to get the Invoice(s) for Payment as soon as I login to System as per my aligned Operating Units and in order of Due Date/Priority. Invoices should be grouped at Vendor level in case multiple invoices of current and past due dates. 
	I should able to complete the current Invoice(s) and should automatically get the next Invoice(s) for Payment after complete
	 I should able to go on miscellaneous activity mode (e.g. Break, Team meet etc.)
	I should view Pending invoices for my aligned OUs
	I should able to get my Productivity (count based) for a date range
Supervisor(Invoice)		I should able to view the current workload in all Queues OU wise
	I should able to view the current status of team members  
	I should able to view my team’s productivity (count based)
 Admin		I should able to onboard new team members
	I should able to align OUs and Vendors to team member
	I should manage Miscellaneous Activities
	 I should be able to manually tag Invoices as urgent in Queuing Tool

5	iExpense Queue Proposed System Flow
5.1	Claims Import
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	AP Queue will automatically import “Pending Payables Approval” claims from iExpense periodically (twice in a day subject to ERP performance )
5.2	Claims Classification, Setting Due Date and Prioritization 
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	Imported “Pending Payables Approval” claims are further labeled depending on OU as India and Non-India claims
o	 Claims of OUs wherein Hardcopy ACK is required are kept in waiting Queue called “Pending Hardcopy Ack”
o	Setting Due Date 
	Hardcopy ACK Not Required Claims:  Claim Import Date  + 07 Days it should be claim import date + 06 days(Excluding week offs) 
	Hardcopy ACK Required Claims:  Hardcopy ACK Date + 07 Days it should be hard copy ack date + 06 days (Excluding week offs)
	PYR to PPA Claims: Initial Import Date + 07 Days (need clarity)(Excluding week offs)
o	It is possible to fast-track processing of claims of certain employee Role Bands (if required)
o	All claims as prioritize depending on set due date in Queuing Tool i.e. Oldest would get highest allocation preference in Audit, Validation and Payment phases 





 
5.3	Action Claim - Auditor
•	Business Rules
o	Input Queue: “Audit”
o	User Role: “Processor” aligned to “Audit” Queue
o	A claim is pushed to User as per his/her aligned OU and Claim Priority
5.3.1	Processor Dashboard
iExpense > Auditor Page

  
5.3.2	Processor Window
 User Actions	
o	Complete & Get Next: Click when user  has taken applicable action in iExpense (Audited, Rejected or Pending Your Resolution) and want to load next claim for Processing.
o	Complete & Misc. Activity: When clicked  a popup will come and ask user to select Misc. activity i.e. Break/Meet etc. and start button click when the user has taken suitable action on the current task which was opened on screen.  .
o	Release & Misc. Activity: When clicked a popup will come same as above for Misc. activity but when start button clicks the current task get release from the user as not actioned which was opened on screen.  
o	Complete & Logout: Click when the user completed the current task and want to Logout form the application.
o	Suspend: Will move current claim in to User’s temporary Suspension bucket. It is required if he/she wants to put this on hold for discussion with Validator by checked it and clicking Complete and Get Next for next claim for Processing.
o	Queue Empty: If claim not available in ERP for Audit.













5.4	Reconcile Auditor Actioned Claims
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	Frequency: Hourly
o	All claims processed by Users in “Audit” Queue are reconciled with iExpense and only Audited claims would be passed to next Queue i.e. “Validation”
o	Rejected, Pending Your Resolution, Requested Staff for Withdrawal (custom action) claims are moved to “Suspended  Queue”
 
5.5	Action Claim - Validator
•	Business Rules
o	Input Queue: “Validation”
o	User Role: “Processor” aligned to “Validation” Queue
o	A claim from Queue is pushed to User as per his/her aligned OU and claims priority
5.5.1	Validation Window
User Actions
o	Complete & Get Next: Click when user has taken applicable action in iExpense (Validate, Cancel or Hold) and want to load next claim for Processing.
o	Complete & Misc. Activity: When clicked a popup will come and ask user to select Misc. activity i.e. Break/Meet etc. and start button clicks when the user has taken suitable action on the current task which was opened on screen.  
o	Release & Misc. Activity: When clicked a popup will come same as above for Misc. activity, but when start button clicks the current task get release from the user as not actioned which was opened on screen.  
o	Complete & Logout: Click when the user completed the current task and want to Logout form the application.

5.6	Reconcile Validators Actioned Claims
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	Frequency: Hourly
o	All claims actioned by Validators in Queuing Tool are reconciled with AP module and only valid claims (Validated status in AP module) would be passed to next Queue i.e. “Payment” in Queuing Tool.
6	Invoice Queue Proposed System Flow
6.1	Invoices Import
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	AP Queue will automatically import “Never Validated” invoices from AP module periodically (every two hours subject to ERP performance)
6.2	Invoice Classification, Grouping and Prioritization 
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	Imported “Never Validated” invoices are further classified depending on  Team as India and Non-India invoices
o	All invoices are prioritized as per Due Date i.e. oldest would be available first for processing
 
6.3	Action Invoice - Booker
•	Business Rules
o	Input Queue: “Booking” Queue
o	User Role: “Processor” aligned to “Booking” Queue
o	Invoice in Queue is pushed to User as per his/her aligned OU and Priority


6.3.1	Processor Screen
Invoice Processing > Booker Page

  
6.3.2	Current Task Page


•	User Actions	
o	Complete & Get Next: Click when user has taken applicable action in AP Module (Booked, Cancelled or Hold) and want to load next invoice for Processing.
o	Complete & Misc. Activity: When clicked  a popup will come and ask user to select Misc. activity i.e. Break/Meet etc. and start button click when the user has taken suitable action on the current task which was opened on screen.  .
o	Release & Misc. Activity: When clicked a popup will come same as above for Misc. activity but when start button clicks the current task get release from the user as not actioned which was opened on screen.  
o	Complete & Logout: Click when the user completed the current task and want to Logout form the application.

6.4	Reconcile Bookers Actioned Invoices
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: System
o	Frequency: Hourly
o	All invoices actioned by Booker in Queuing Tool are reconciled with AP module and only valid invoices would be passed to next Queue i.e. “Validation”


 
6.5	Action Invoice(s) - Validator
•	Business Rules
o	Input Queue: “Validation” Queue
o	User Role: “Processor” aligned to “Validation” Queue
o	Invoices in Queue “Validation” are pushed to User as per his/her aligned OU and Priority

6.5.1	Validator Action Screen
•	User Actions	
o	Complete & Get Next: Click when user has taken applicable action in AP Module (Validate, Cancelled or Hold) and want to load next invoice for Processing.
o	Complete & Misc. Activity: When clicked  a popup will come and ask user to select Misc. activity i.e. Break/Meet etc. and start button click when the user has taken suitable action on the current task which was opened on screen.  .
o	Release & Misc. Activity: When clicked a popup will come same as above for Misc. activity but when start button clicks the current task get release from the user as not actioned, which was opened on screen.  
o	Complete & Logout: Click when the user completed the current task and want to Logout form the application.

6.6	Reconcile Validators Actioned Invoices
•	Business Rules 
o	User Role: System
o	Frequency: Hourly
o	All invoices actioned by Validators in Queuing Tool are reconciled with AP module and only valid invoices would be passed to next Queue i.e. “Payment”



6.7	Action Invoices(s) - Payer
•	Business Rules
o	Input Queue/Data: “Payment” Queue
o	User Role: “Processor” aligned to “Payment” Queue
o	Invoice(s) in this Queue is pushed to User as per his/her aligned OU and Invoice Priority
o	Invoices are grouped by Vendor as Vendor may have multiple Invoices due for payment
6.7.1	Payer Action Screen

•	User Actions	
o	Complete & Get Next: Click when user has taken applicable action in AP Module (Validate, Cancelled or Hold) and want to load next invoice for Processing.
o	Complete & Misc. Activity: When clicked  a popup will come and ask user to select Misc. activity i.e. Break/Meet etc. and start button click when the user has taken suitable action on the current task which was opened on screen.  .
o	Release & Misc. Activity: When clicked a popup will come same as above for Misc. activity but when start button clicks the current task get release from the user as not actioned, which was opened on screen.  
o	Complete & Logout: Click when the user completed the current task and want to Logout form the application.


7	Dashboards
7.1	Workload Status
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: “Supervisor”   
o	Will display team’s Ledger wise workload
7.1.1	Screen: iExpense Claims
 
7.1.2	Screen: Invoice Processing
 

•	User Actions	
o	User can get workload for a Ledger by typing its name. 
o	Export to Excel: When clicked will dump all detailed data in excel














7.2	Team Productivity
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: “Supervisor”  
o	Will display Processors productivity (count based) for a given date range
Screen iExpense Productivity   

7.2.1	Screen: Invoice Processing Productivity     






7.3	Release Workitem
•	Business Rules
o	User Role:”Supervisor”
o	Will allow User to release work items currently held by Processors  
o	Released work items would be again send back to pool for allocation

7.3.1	Screen Layout 
















7.4	Urgent Payment
•	Business Rules
o	User Role:”Admin”
o	Will allow User to search an Invoice an mark this for Urgent Payment

7.4.1	Screen Layout 


 
8	Master(s) Screens
8.1	User Management
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: “Admin” 
o	Will allow Admin to manage application Users

 

Add New User 
8.2	Misc. Activities Management
•	Business Rules
o	User Role: “Admin” 
o	Will allow Admin to manage Misc. activities

8.2.1	Screens

 
9	Annexure
9.1	iExpense Claims Import
Below are the details required from Oracle EBS for Claims
Sr. No.	Oracle EBS Module	Field/Column	Data Type
1	iExpense	Report Number	 
2	iExpense	Number (Employee Id)	 
3	iExpense	Operating Unit  	 
4	iExpense	Claim Amount	 
5	iExpense	Currency	 
6	iExpense	Report Submit Date 	 
7	 	 	 
8	iExpense	Status	 
9	AP	Amount	 
10	AP	 Payment Status	 
11	AP	Invoice Status	 
12	AP	Voucher Number	
9.2	Invoice Processing Import
Below are the details required from Oracle EBS for Invoices
Sr. No.	Oracle EBS Module	Field/Column	Data Type
1	AP	Operating Unit  	 
2	AP	Vendor Number	 
3	AP	Invoice Number	 
4	AP	Invoice Amount	 
5	AP	Total Amount	 
6	AP	 Payment Status	 
7	AP	Invoice currency 	 
8	AP	Invoice Date	 
9	AP	Invoice Due Date	 
10	AP	Status	 
11	AP	Voucher Number	
12	AP	Invoice Type(Standard/ Credit/Prepayment)	

9.3	Master – Operating Unit
Below are the details required from Oracle EBS for Operating Unit
Sr. No.	Oracle EBS Module	Field/Column	Data Type
1	Operating Unit	Operating Unit Number	 
2	Operating Unit	Operating Unit	 

9.4	Master – Vendor
Below are the details required from Oracle EBS for Vendors  
Sr. No.	Oracle EBS Module	Field/Column	Data Type
1	Vendor	Vendor/Supplier ID	 
2	Vendor	Employee ID/Vendor Name	 
3	Vendor	Type(Employee or Vendor)	
4	Vendor	Category	
 

10	Exclusion
•	TDS (Vendor)
•	Income Tax Payments(TDS)
•	Partial Payment Application/Un-Application 
•	Payment Void
•	Payment Value Date Intercompany transactionsAHT (Average handling time) / employee
•	Processor Skillset











----- End of Document -----
 






				

